doc: develop: manifests: external: add wolfSSL (#98238)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/develop/manifest/external/wolfssl.rst

wolfSSL
#######

Introduction
************

wolfSSL is a lightweight, portable SSL/TLS library optimized for embedded systems, RTOS environments, and resource-constrained devices. It offers a range of cryptographic functions, and secure communication protocols (up to TLS 1.3 and DTLS 1.3) along with post-quantum cryptography support. Its support for multiple build configurations makes it suitable for a wide range of applications and hardware platforms that are utilizing the Zephyr RTOS.

wolfSSL has support for the Zephyr networking stack so applications can use the wolfSSL API to establish secure connections with other devices or services over the network.

wolfSSL is dual licensed under GPLv3 and commercial licenses.

GitHub Repository: `wolfSSL Repository`_

Usage with Zephyr
*****************

Add wolfssl as a project to your west.yml:

.. code-block:: yaml

  manifest:
    remotes:
    # <your other remotes>
    - name: wolfssl
      url-base: https://github.com/wolfssl
  projects:
    # <your other projects>
    - name: wolfssl
      path: modules/crypto/wolfssl
      revision: master
      remote: wolfssl

Update west's modules:

.. code-block:: bash

>   west update

Author: Updated to add space

> Now west recognizes 'wolfssl' as a module, and will include it's Kconfig and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now west recognizes `wolfssl` as a module, and will include its Kconfig and
```

Author: Fixed typo, and corrected to use ` instead of '
